###### VARIABLES  #####
SIZE 9
CSTEP SIZE - 1
DIAMETER 5
CYCLES DIAMETER + DIAMETER + 3
#######################

##### SIMULATION PARAMETER ####
random.seed 12345678900
simulation.cycles CYCLES

network.size SIZE
##############################

## PROTOCOLS
#Daemon protocol

#protocol.daemon DaemonProtocol
#protocol.daemon.cstep CSTEP
#protocol.daemon.control postman observer

protocol.lnk IdleProtocol
protocol.deccen.linkable lnk

#choose the desired Deccen protocol
protocol.deccen StressCentralityCD
protocol.deccen.diameter DIAMETER

## INITIALIZER
# Initializes the values
init.initializer DeccenInitializer
init.initializer.deccen deccen

# initialise overlay from file
init.topology WireFromFile
init.topology.undir true
init.topology.protocol lnk
init.topology.file example/example2.txt
#init.topology.file dolphins/out.dolphins


## CONTROLS
# Prints statistics of the network
control.postman PostManControl
control.postman.deccen deccen

control.observer DeccenObserver
control.observer.deccen deccen
control.observer.cycles CYCLES

order.control postman observer

order.protocol lnk deccen 



